Welcome to the final exercise for part one
of this course which is called the Save Money Checklist.
In this exercise I want you to please go to exercise
number six called Save Money Checklist.
You can see the tab there for this video.
Then please click on the boxes next to the savings tips
that we talked about in this section that you think
you can save money on, on a monthly basis.
Then what I want you to do is this.
I want you to type in the monthly savings you can realize
with each of them if applicable.
Skip the items that do not apply to you please.
Feel free to enter in an optional comment or strategy
thought on how to implement each savings item
on the right side here in the white comment boxes.
Then once you've completed this final checklist,
at the bottom you're going to see how much money
all the checked boxes that you selected will be worth
in 30 years at an interest rate of 10%.
I think you will see that you might be able to save
literally millions of dollars by the end of this exercise
and by the end of this course.
You can also change the assumptions of the number of years
from 30 to another number.
You can also change the interest rate too,
as they're in white boxes at the bottom here.
Please enjoy this exercise.
Again please change the yearly and percent assumptions
if you want.
Take your time with this as saving money is actually fun.
It lowers your stress and it makes you much happier.
Your bottom line savings message will automatically
update here in the green box just under
the menu buttons here.
Before moving onto part two of the course
which is the protect money part of the course,
I want you to please feel free to click on the blue
Save Money button in the top left-hand corner
to see if you've finished all of the exercises in part one.
If you have not completed all of the items,
then click here on the hyperlink that will take you
to those exercises and complete those exercises.
When you've done so, if you want, click on the appropriate
check box like this one.
You can also click on the clipboard icon in the bottom
left-hand corner here of your spreadsheet
just for an update on all the exercises in the course.
Thank you.